---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Open source 

When I hear the term open source, I think of software that is open to the public to use, ranging from simply using it in your project to modifying it and distributing that modified software. How a few too many people are contributing to the software, with each contribution, whether big or small, is hopefully a step in improving or adding to the software in the hope that others who use the software will continue to do so. One advantage of open source is that it’s easier to make progress or push out ideas, as anyone interested in adding something can try and do so with the help of others in that community. One advantage of closed software is that it’s more secure, as most people will not have access to that software, making it harder to try to hack/ exploit. However, one disadvantage of open source is there can sometimes be a lack of support. For example, you may be interested in contributing to an open source. Still, if the community is dry/non-existent, it can be challenging to contribute to such a project, even if you desire to do so. I took this course because I realized a lot of the software I use is open source without even realizing it. So, I wanted to see what open source is and hopefully contribute to one of the open source software I use. 

## Projects

Brave: I recently started using Brave alongside Chrome as my main web browser. What I like about Brave is its built-in ad-blocker, making it fun to use. 

Python: Python is the language I use the most. It was the first programming language I ever learned, and it got me into computer science. 

Adblock-plus: Since Chrome does not come with an automatic ad-blocker like Brave does, Adblock-plus has been my go-to ad-blocker for Chrome for many years now. 

Node.js: Node.js is a javascript runtime environment. Anytime I use JavaScript, ranging from something as simple as running a hello world script to building a web app, I use Node.js. 
