---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## Tidepool Talk

Overall, Christoper Snider's presentation was super interesting. His discussion of using open source and how his company interacts with other essential health bodies really emphasizes the power of open sources to solve all types of problems. Compared to enterprises, TidepoolTidepool uses open source to work towards a specific problem that may otherwise not be able to be solved without these open source practices. For example, TidepoolTidepool uses/relies on user data to continue to expand and improve on its tool and only really uses the data when provided. Furthermore, the individual working on this really has a stake in this project as Christopher himself has diabetes, and as he claimed, so did other people on the Tidepool team. 

<!--more-->

## progress on group project 

Currently, one of the biggest challenges my team is facing is finding a problem or issue that is of a suitable level for us. We recently got in contact with one of the core developers of the Pandas project and asked if there were any issues we could work on. We were told to look at this issue. Still, upon further contact and discussion with the developers, he claimed that it might be too complex to work on due to the complexity of the other various parts it implements, which we also needed to understand. Regarding individual challenges, it's accepting and preparing myself for how much time it may take to contribute to the Pandas project, no matter how simple the contribution is. It takes time for the unit test to run, and even then, one of the core developers or maintainers may ask us to do something else instead related to that issue, which has happened to me.