---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## This weeks videos 

For this week, I chose to watch the videos from group two, which were the [Food Computer](https://www.redhat.com/en/open-source-stories/farming-for-the-future/food-computer) and [Farming for the Future](https://www.redhat.com/en/open-source-stories/farming-for-the-future). The main reason I chose to watch these videos was related to a course I took last semester called Food Studies, in which we studied the various aspects of food in our society. One of the topics we discussed was the use of technology to help prevent food waste and grow crops in a more sustainable manner. I was surprised to learn about creating food computers or tabletop gardens using technology to regulate and ensure a plant has everything it needs to grow. One of the big topics we discussed in my food studies class was automating the production and growth of crops on a large scale. I think the idea of a tabletop garden is a small step to really solving that problem. My role as a computer scientist would be to continue to try and innovate ways to reach further the goal of improving the way we grow the food we eat by using the skills I've learned through my education at NYU. 

<!--more-->

## My Contributions 

So far, the small contributions are going great. My contributions have been mainly towards OpenStreetMap, more precisely, the area near my neighborhood. I noticed many shops weren't listed on the map, so I added some. The biggest challenge I have faced so far is contributing correctly. I incorrectly mapped something for my first OpenStreetMap contribution, and a user who had been mapping for a long time let me know. I made sure to take his advice and map the next one correctly. The most proud of right now is my contribution towards listing a hotpot restaurant in my neighborhood. 