---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

## The Cathedral and the Bazaar

I thoroughly enjoyed our conversation about the lessons from The Cathedral and the Bazaar. Hearing the responses to many of the lessons was interesting. More specifically, the lesson said, "Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)." Hearing others talk about why this lesson resonated with them made me remember something my CS 101 professor always said to me. it was "the golden rule of programming is alwasy resue code when you can." I didn't take it seriously at the time, but the combination of rewriting and reusing code is more apparent to me now than ever. Besides that, I still resonate with my chosen lesson, "Release early. Release often. And listen to your customers." I think, especially in a business sense, releasing early gives you an advantage over your competitor as you stake your claim in that market early and potentially attract a large user base. Overall, I enjoyed the lessons and the discussion about The Cathedral and the Bazaar.

<!--more-->

## Group project progress

Regarding the progress of the group project, my team has made considerable effort to contribute to the Panda's codebase. I fixed multiple doc issues and have issues triaged with issues posted regarding challenges. Our team hopes to work on a project that also uses pandas under the hood. In addition, we have begun to prepare for the presentation. Regarding individual challenges, I think I have to stay focused during this last week. 