---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## Group project progress report week 11 

Each of our group members have successfully contributed to the pandas project. We are planning on moving our focus from documentation issue towards code based issues. The pandas core developer team gave us an issue to look at that we can hopefully on. I think our biggesst challenge so far was just understanding the errors and code check applied everytime we make changes and how long they take to complete. 

## inner source and open source in the corporate world
<!--more-->
I think it interesting how many companies have their own code and tools that they don't share with the public. Many of them still either use open-source technology or adopt open-source practices in their product. For example, one video discussed the inner source, which implemented some aspects of open source. For example, many tech and finance companies have adapted this practice of sharing and collaborating on internal code to cut down on wasted time and foster innovation. The speakers said this is an excellent first step toward making more people active in open source. However, besides inner sources, many companies rely on source projects to run and work on their application. For example, the film industry relies heavily on open source because specific projects are just that good and necessary. As a result, many companies have an open-source program office to organize themselves when using these projects. Besides these offices, organizations like the Academy Software Foundation aim to organize open-source projects in the film industry that encourage collaboration between companies and industry to ensure they can continue using these projects. Overall, various industries rely on open source; in turn, some choose to try adn give back and involve themselves in open source. 