---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Code of Conduct
---

## In Class Activity
One of the main benefits of having a code of conduct is that it clearly outlines how developers and individuals should act, which can improve teamwork and enforce proper collaboration between developers. 
When comparing sugar labs, their code of conduct is similar in some aspects. For example, they both list values that should be enforced (Be friendly, welcoming, and considerate). But the Go values are, in a sense, trying to build a community with these sorts of rules called gopher values, while sugar labs are more straightforward as they were based on the Ubuntu code of conduct. Finally, when comparing the code of conduct of, say, Mozilla Firefox to Say Go and Sugar Labs, Mozilla Firefox's code of conduct is more detailed. For example, Mozilla goes into detail about unacceptable behavior in its values. It gives a full-paragraph explanation that explains examples of those unacceptable behaviors.

<!--more-->
## Realistically enforce code of conducts?
I'm unsure if I would be willing to work on a project without a code of conduct. I prefer to work on projects with defined behavior that contributors should use and enforce. It can ultimately help make the whole process of contributing and working with other contributors smoother and more effortless. However, it is hard to find a way to realistically reinforce these codes of conduct, especially if an open-source project has many contributors at that level. Tracking and viewing every contributor's actions and statements is almost impossible. Realistically, it would depend on how strongly the community chooses to abide by its code of conduct and really hold other contributors accountable.