---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## thoughts about different projects that I have looked at so far

Many of the projects we looked at showed me that open source is a big part of software engineering. I just realized many of the tools I used for programming were open-source. Besides that, it gave me a greater appreciation for the tools I used. For example, one of the open source projects i looked at was Brave, a browser with automatic ad blocking and a host of other features like a digital wallet and more. The project was split between multiple repositories. For example, One repository was where the issues would be tracked, and it would outline how to contribute to this repository. Another repository would then be where these issues were solved and, ultimately, where code was pushed. In addition, they had separate repositories for different mobile devices like iOS and Android. I recently started using Brave, so seeing the complexity it takes to have a product I use functionality working gives me a greater appreciation of the hard work that goes into open source. 

<!--more-->

## what I'm most excited about regarding working on an open source project?

I'm most excited to get more of an opportunity to dive into large codebases and work in teams in class and with the contributors and moderators in charge of these open source projects. In addition, I look forward to improving my coding skills overall. 

## what do you think will be the biggest challenges?

In general, one of the biggest challenge is understanding the tech stack code that these open source projects use. For example, if you want your first contribution to be code base, Then understanding what the code does is essential since if you can't understand what the code is doing, how can you contribute to it? Besides that, I think another big challenge will be establishing proper communication between the project overseers. As we discussed in class, some project moderators either don't respond or take a long time. 

## how do you plan to overcome them?

I plan to overcome them by always staying active. For example, if this establishes a communication, I will exhaust all possible solutions. If it's understanding the code base, I will dedicate at least 30-1 hour a day just reading the code and other parts of the project and reaching out to my teammates if I need help. 